What do I do in this position? (I'm straight btw)
What do I do in this position? (I can't Google en passant)
Chess but the top comment changes absolutely nothing, fuck you.
who you playing this game with?
What do I do in this position (I'm white). Is this an illegal move?
Changed the image to a JPEG because PNG is ugly. Top Comment in 12hrs changes a letter. (day 8.0)
Muted it because it sounded ugly. Top Comment in 12hrs changes a letter. (Day 8.5)
White to move, mate in 2
What do i do in this position (i get no bitches)
bobby's on women's division
What do I do in this position? (I'm black)
What do I do in this position? (I accepted the false reality)
What did they finally add?
This sib be like:
the game has Changed
anyone else feel like levy looked younger a few years ago?
What do I do in this position? (found on LinkedIn btw)
What do I do in this position? I'm a sore loser
Why is chess.c*m spreading misinformation?
Why did he premove a blunder???? Is he stupid???????
If this post gets 131,072 upvotes, I'll post again with twice as many grains of rice
If this post gets 262,144 upvotes, I'll post again with twice as many grains of rice
Chess but both of the kings are gay. Almost all the pieces are supportive
Introducing the anti-queen - It can only move where the queen can't move, within a two-square radius
Guys, I managed to do a high altitude en passant.
How Hans cheated. A mirror on the ceiling so he could see his opponents moves.
Made the Anarchy Game but in 3d
based r/chess mods?
Great opening trap I found, you go down three pawns and a rook but take an opponent queen!
r/chess mods deleted this post. Y'all deserve this instead.
The main thing that puts me off of playing chess is
holy hell
new strategy
Chess but if a piece lands on an opposing piece, no capture is made. Instead, a side game of Chess is played to determine which piece gets to stay on that square
fuck u/spez
I placed Stockfish (white) against ChatGPT (black). Here's how the game went.
hello spez
ok
is this guy insane?
thoughts on chess.com putting new pieces behind a bp? seems scummy imo
If I'm black, what is my best next move?
i spent way too long on this
I use underage pawns as bait to attract the opposing bishops
what is this for?
low effort, don't care stupid
Got deleted from r/chess. Wasn't enough "effort"... Do those guys know how hard it is to keep a hyperactive rat in one place?!
Tate didn't google En Passant and got his pipi bricked
did someone say en passant?
Levy makes a move that gains space but loses material
I'll start "The Queen is pinned and can't move"
is this theory?
grandpa is the  best
chess square tier list
A few hours ago, I bet that the 131K upvote post wouldn't reach its goal. Well, it did, and I am paying my debt by eating pictures of Condoleezza and Jerry Rice with a side of rice. Enjoy.
She said yes, and I think I'm going to cry. What a special day. Mate in 1... Literally.
What do you guys think of the new product from Google: Google EnPassant?
does anyone else keep running into this problem?
The greatest moment in Chess hisrory
what's this move called again?
F 
Checkmate with just one bishop I pulled off the other day
whose school is this??
Open knight's tour on the 64x64 board
Chess but the game's gonna last for a while
how to checkmate with only a king
happens every time 
Saw this guy at my university noting down the moves from his live game to study them later. Respect!!!
US history be like
How has nobody figured this out yet?
holy hell
Blitz chess, winner gets the parachute
that would be nice
#banchess
totally not based on a true story
"Anarchy chess reddit user" according to AI.
Eh, It worked!
A chess movie? That’s for nerdz
Opponent finds a very nice tactic
anarchychess pokemon moment (made by me)
My opponent ate all of his pieces, took off his skin, and started advancing. What the hell am I supposed to do?
The Anarchy Chess Hive Mind
Why are mods nuking this comment section?
Because everytime a new player is confused about en passant someone links the thread in anarchychess and 1200 comedy geniuses come to repeat the same two jokes and mock the newbie
why do i hear boss music?
i am actively playing a game with an onlyfans model
only players at the highest level can pull this opening off
SPEEDRUN TO ZERO ELO!!!!! it starts getting really difficult around the 100s.....
my mom thinks this new chess meme is hillarious
why didn't i win?? i got 4 in a row
all the possibilities
Got removed from r/chess. Ah well, I had fun and my wife didn’t have to put up with my complaints while she shopped.
i asked, you responded. top 10 rules of chessyou can eat chss pieces when you capture them
in a game of chess, it's important to never let your opponent see your pieces
the GM title may only be granted by a general motors executive
n1. you don't talk about chess
you must call UNO when you get down to your last piece, otherwise you have to add 3 of your pieces back onto the board
the horsey moves in an L
ask your opponent if it's alright before jacking off
always carry your own brick (must be above 0.7kgs)
Why white supremacists prefer chess.com over lichess
